Privacy Policy of mobile app: TimeMe
Last Updated March 2022

This app does not directly collect/use any personal data from it’s users.
This app does use third party services to deliver ads.

App Data
All data by you is stored on your device only, and can be simply erased by clearing the app's data or uninstalling it.
App data stored is: 
Theme preference.
Tone on timer end.
Background image location.

App Information
The app is meant to be a simple timer countdown app that does not require any personal data.
It allows theme changing between dark and light theme. 
It allows a notification sound to be played on timer end if set as such in app.
It allows a background image to be set on the app only from your device’s local images.
It only stores the image location on your phone locally and not the actual image.

App Permissions
Internet permissions would need to be granted for ads to be displayed.

Google AdMob
This app does use Google AdMob to display ads to users.
AdMob is an advertising service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.

Your Android device settings may allow you to "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads."

On Android 6.0 or higher:
1. Open "Settings"
2. Look for "Google Services & Preferences" and tap on it
3. Tap on "Ads"
4. Toggle the "Opt out of Ads Personalization" switch on.

Android 5.1 or lower:
1. Open "Settings"
2. Tap "Accounts"
3. Tap "Google"
4. Tap "Manage your Google Account" (This will open up a new page with your Account information)
5. Tap "Data & Personalization"
6. Scroll down to "Ad Personalization"
7. Tap "Go to ad settings"
8. Toggle "Ad Personalization" switch to OFF

When you opt out, you may still see the same number of ads from our advertising partners on your mobile device; however, these ads may be less relevant because they won’t be based on your interests. Our advertising partners may continue to serve you ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of the application you are using.


For questions or concerns relating to privacy, we can be contacted by e-mail at:
Jacobs.shuaib@gmail.com

